README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Anywhere, Production Ready with Prometheus

This repository contains all information and prerequisites needed for the
workshop given at ContainerDays.io on the 20. of June 2017.

Feel free to open an issue if you are facing any kinds of trouble with the
prerequisite steps.


## Prerequisites

Please make sure to have the following things prepared **before** the workshop:
* Have access to an AWS or Azure account
* Bring a laptop with either Linux or Mac (or Windows running a Linux VM)
* Download the
  [Tectonic installer binaries](https://releases.tectonic.com/tectonic-1.6.4-tectonic.1.tar.gz)
* Sign up for Tectonic at http://account.coreos.com/ and save the *CoreOS
  License* and the *Pull Secret* to a local file.
* Install
  [v1.6.4 of the Kubernetes client (kubectl)](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#client-binaries-1)


## Abstract

CoreOS Tectonic makes it trivial to deploy same configuration Kubernetes
clusters on multiple cloud providers. All based on open-source technologies. No
matter what platform you are running on, the Tectonic installer lets you easily
set up your Kubernetes cluster including Prometheus - a cloud native monitoring
tool. Alex and Max help you get started bringing up your Kubernetes cluster and
setting up cluster and application monitoring with Prometheus.

Commit message:

Add slides to README.md

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes Anywhere, Production Ready with Prometheus

This repository contains all information and prerequisites needed for the
workshop given at ContainerDays.io on the 20. of June 2017.

Feel free to open an issue if you are facing any kinds of trouble with the
prerequisite steps.


## Slides

To follow along you can find the slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MendWFkXDLrqOnsWq2Suk-9VnLyJDAcuAopoOnOuZuo).


## Prerequisites

Please make sure to have the following things prepared **before** the workshop:
* Have access to an AWS or Azure account
* Bring a laptop with either Linux or Mac (or Windows running a Linux VM)
* Download the
  [Tectonic installer binaries](https://releases.tectonic.com/tectonic-1.6.4-tectonic.1.tar.gz)
* Sign up for Tectonic at http://account.coreos.com/ and save the *CoreOS
  License* and the *Pull Secret* to a local file.
* Install
  [v1.6.4 of the Kubernetes client (kubectl)](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#client-binaries-1)


## Abstract

CoreOS Tectonic makes it trivial to deploy same configuration Kubernetes
clusters on multiple cloud providers. All based on open-source technologies. No
matter what platform you are running on, the Tectonic installer lets you easily
set up your Kubernetes cluster including Prometheus - a cloud native monitoring
tool. Alex and Max help you get started bringing up your Kubernetes cluster and
setting up cluster and application monitoring with Prometheus.
